Add release note highlights for data tiers (#63427)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/release-notes/highlights.asciidoc

| {ref-bare}/7.1/release-highlights-7.1.0.html[7.1]
| {ref-bare}/7.0/release-highlights-7.0.0.html[7.0]

// tag::notable-highlights[]
[discrete]
[[data-tiers]]
=== Data Tier Formalization
7.10 introduces the concept of formalized data tiers within Elasticsearch. <<data-tiers,Data tiers>>

> are a simple, integrated approach that hopes to give users control over optimizing for cost,

Reviewer: I'd drop the "hopes to" here as it breaks up a rather long sentence
```suggestion
are a simple, integrated approach that gives users control over optimizing for cost,
```

performance, and breadth/depth of data. Prior to this formalization, many users configured their own
tier topology using custom node attributes as well as using {ilm-init} to manage the lifecycle and
location of data within a cluster.

With this formalization, data tiers (content, hot, warm, and cold) can be explicitly configured
using <<node-roles,node roles>>, and indices can be configured to be allocated within a specific
tier using <<data-tier-shard-filtering,index-level data tier allocation filtering>>. {ilm-init} will
make use of these tiers to <<automatically ilm-migrate,migrate>> data between nodes as an index goes
through the phases of its lifecycle.

> Newly created indices *not* part of a <<data-stream,data stream>> will be allocated to
> `data_content` tier automatically, while indices abstracted by a data stream will be allocated to
> the `data_hot` tier automatically. Nodes with the pre-existing `data` role are considered to be part
> of all tiers.

Reviewer: I'd flip this paragraph around to avoid starting with a negation. Maybe just a personal pereferent but the immediate "*not*" bears a bit more cognitive load.

```suggestion
Newly created indices abstracted by a <<data-stream,data stream>> will be allocated to
the `data_hot` tier automatically, while standalone indices will be allocated to
the `data_content` tier automatically. Nodes with the pre-existing `data` role are 
considered to be part of all tiers.
```
